"Cha-ching!" chirped her phone. Her dad used to complain when she was younger about feeling like a "cog in the corporate machine" but not a lot of people these days use that phrase anymore. Must have something to do with literally having a robot for a boss, she mused. She set her payment schedule for Fridays from her company's payroll contract so she could have enough money to go out and feel like a queen for at least a few hours. Tonight she was going to go out with some people she met this week from the co-office her company paid for. Hopefully one or two of them would turn out to be okay, and then not disappear on her the next week due to head-hunter bots or "restructurings" that seemed to happen all the time these days. When companies started moving the majority of their admininstration into contracts on the 'chain, it no longer seemed difficult for them to constantly shift costs around, even at the expense of human lives. It didn't matter, it was just how the world worked and she knew it. Everyone knew it. We're not in control anymore.

She had been working in her current gig for a few months now, definitely a rarity for the first time in her young adult life. Most people bounced back and forth between home and different spaces rented in co-offices in far-off, exotic cities she used to read about when she was younger. Adult life seemed much sexier then, constantly exploring and seeing new places, meeting new people, trying new foods. There were slight differences, but comparisions between all the places she had been were mostly dull shades of steel and brown. At least here on Mars.

Most of the people her age that she met were also Martian born. Her parents moved here from Earth when they were younger and Mars was a much sexier place to be. Her mom moved here on a whim intending on being a designer of all the wonderous cities being constructed in the great Martian expansion, but ended up in a more menial lifestyle designing the sewage and water purification systems. They were hopelessly complex, as much so as she was smart, and smart designers got pushed into this sort of thing out of necessity. Only the more simple and charasmatic designers ever got to design the colorful buildings beneath any of the domes in the cities popping up like sprouts after a spring rain. She heard her mother say that phrase a million times, but she still didn't quite understand what it meant.

Her dad was part of the first Great Migration a decade prior, and had made his way to Mars as a mechanical engineer. He started his career right after college fixing the collossal digging machines that dug under the Martian dust and turned it into all manner of wonderous, red materials. When he was a little older he was moved to become a part of the team responsible for the bubbles that kept them all safe from the poisonous atmosphere. That's where her parents met, when her dad first started that job and had to interact with the design department about the wastegate interfaces, being the most important and frequent source of problems in the cities.

Her dad had been crippled in an exposure accident some years ago, as she was about to complete her schooling. Her mother had been permanently distraught since then; she was of strong character, but her vibrancy had seemed much duller ever since. Her father had always took things in stride, so she never let herself feel so hopeless at his condition because there was nothing that she could do about it.
